he could do this. merlin squared his shoulders and stuck out his chin,
conscious that there was some kind of university security guard bloke watching
him curiously, and then pushed the door open with a sensation a little
bit like stepping off a cliff onto an invisible bridge. hi! he said, sunnily
and then he almost tripped over his own feet as he registered who he was
looking at the right honourable gawain seabag montefiore, kay fitzector,
and, bending down to grab something out of a suitcase that was probably
worth twice as much as merlins house and all its contents, that would be
his royal highness arthur pendragon, prince of wales. merlin would have
recognised that peach like arse anywhere, even if the sight of his two
best mates, familiar from interviews and the very occasional photoshoot,
hadnt given the game away. arthur rose and turned around in one swift,
graceful movement, and then merlin was looking straight at the subject
of entirely too many furtive wank fantasies and sweaty wet dreams. he nearly
swallowed his own tongue. hello, arthur was saying, smiling a polite, guarded,
public sort of smile as he clasped merlins astonished hand in a firm grip
and his eyes raked merlin up and down in an assessing way. merlin just
gaped at him like a stranded fish, frantically trying to remember any english
words of greeting. or any words, in any language at all. mmph! he said,
articulately, feeling his entire body flushing a startled, urgent crimson.
im arthur, said arthur, in what must have been the most entirely redundant
sentence in the history of creation because, really, merlin was pretty
sure that even amazonian tribespeople whod never tasted coca cola could
probably pick prince arthur out of a lineup. were going to be sharing a
room, apparently, he continued, with a heartiness that sounded only slightly
forced. after a moment he glanced down at his hand and his brow crumpled
in an embarrassed frown. er you can probably let go now. please. oh! said
merlin, mortified, and he let go of arthurs hand and swallowed hard. his
whole body was thrumming with adrenaline, and he wanted nothing more than
to turn around and run all the way back to wales. sorry! i just er sorry!
he said. he stared from arthur to his friends and back again, and if his
eyes werent actually standing out on stalks they were coming as close as
humanly possible to doing so. really? he added, unable to help himself.
utter, bone deep astonishment at this turn of events. no? he ventured.
good, said arthur, with just a trace of sarcasm edging his voice. only
i thought well, i pretty much assumed that youd be staying over at new
hall. where they have single rooms. and ensuites with all the mod cons,
blurted merlin. not sharing a room in sallys. why are you sharing a room
in sallys? arthur frowned. because i lost a bet, if you must know. with
my father. he stared at merlin, looking puzzled and a touch irritated.
the js models can also come with a jackson licensed floyd rose. as standard,
the jackson kelly features a volume knob, a tone knob and a switch to change
the pickup being used. it is available in several colours, most popularly
gloss black. j line buses run hours a day between el monte station, downtown
los angeles, and the harbor gateway transit center as route, with some
trips continuing on to san pedro between am and pm and signed as route.
on weekdays, buses operate every four to ten minutes during peak hours,
with longer headways of minutes during the daytime, minutes during evenings,
minutes during nights and every hour overnight. on weekends, buses arrive
every minutes most of the day, with longer headways of minutes during nights
and every hour overnight. silver streak buses run hours a day between the
montclair transit center, el monte station, and downtown los angeles. on
weekdays, buses operate every minutes most of the day, every minutes during
evenings and every hour overnight. the station is also used by los angeles
metro bus express and express along with foothill transit, and. as of june,
the following services are available metro route operates all day, seven
days a week the rest only run during weekday peak periods. the former montville
baptist church stands in a rural area of central sandisfield, just east
of the junction of hammertown road with sandisfield road massachusetts
route. it is a single story wood frame structure, set on a granite foundation
and covered by a gabled roof. its exterior is finished in wooden clapboards.
